Update banning policy to allow closure of appeals not meant for Wizden by any admin. (#512)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/community/admin/wizards-den-banning-policy.md

    - The appellant is clearly not expecting their appeal to be accepted, and made it simply to troll. 
    - The appeal is incomprehensible or written in a language other than English.
    - The appeal has such little effort put into it that no other outcome can be derived from it but to close it.

>     - The appeal is clearly intended to be sent for a different fork or server host.

Reviewer: just want to add a suggestion i brougt up in discord
```suggestion
    - The appeal is unable to be accepted for reasons outside the administrative teams control, for example the appeal was clearly intended for a different fork or server host
```
this provides a more generalised clause for appeals that we are physically/technically unable to action anything other than a rejection on

>     - The appeal is unable to be accepted for reasons outside the administrative teams control, for example the appeal was clearly intended for a different fork or server host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The appeal is unable to be accepted for reasons outside the administrative team's control; for example, the appeal was clearly intended for a different fork or server host.
```
